Somos Klan Otaku Novelas Ligeras. Apoyanos en Patreon para más contenido.


Capítulo 1 – Así comienza… ¡con un camión!

Se hacía tarde, las luces de la calle parpadeaban mientras alguien tosía a lo lejos. El viento aullaba mientras la gente intentaba llegar a sus casas. Pequeñas gotas de agua empezaron a aparecer en los cristales de las ventanas, seguidas de un suave golpeteo. Un hombre estaba sentado en una habitación iluminada, sosteniendo lo que parecía ser un soldador.
Llevaba el pelo un poco despeinado y se veía el reflejo de una especie de esquema en las gafas que llevaba. Miraba entre este esquema y la placa de circuito que estaba sobre la mesa.
"Necesito reemplazar estos condensadores. No estoy seguro de cuál es el defectuoso. Los reemplazaré todos".
El hombre suspiró mientras preparaba lentamente sus herramientas. Observaba la placa de circuito con un microscopio; las diminutas piezas metálicas eran difíciles de detectar a simple vista.
"Ese cabrón me hizo trabajar horas extra otra vez"
Este hombre tenía veintitantos años y trabajaba en un pequeño taller de reparación de computadoras. Una vez más, se veía obligado a trabajar hasta muy tarde; ser el "nuevo" del lugar, al parecer, le ponía en apuros. Los trabajadores mayores siempre encontraban la manera de imponerle su carga de trabajo atrasada, con la excusa de que necesitaba más experiencia y que debía esforzarse más.
"Malditos cabrones sólo hacen esta mierda porque no puedo negarme".
Era nuevo, estaba en su período de prueba, así que era prescindible. Decidió intentar llevarse bien con sus compañeros y portarse bien. Este fue el resultado: estaba atascado trabajando y probablemente llegaría a casa a las ocho.
"Bueno, de todas formas no tengo planes..."
"Al menos no me obligan a limpiar todas esas laptops sucias, ¿qué hacen esas personas con ellas para que se ensucien tanto?"
El sonido de un chisporroteo llenó el área mientras el hombre continuaba con su trabajo. Se reemplazaron los condensadores y se revisó todo de nuevo; la placa de circuito que estaba reparando funcionaba correctamente.
"Finalmente, solo necesito limpiar esta mierda y listo."
Pero no estaba solo; el taller era el edificio donde vivía su jefe. La planta baja era solo el taller, mientras que la superior era la vivienda. Se asomó por la puerta que daba al piso de arriba y gritó.
"Ya terminé, me voy a casa jefe".
Oyó un gruñido amortiguado por el sonido de la televisión. Se encogió de hombros y agarró su abrigo para irse; por suerte, hoy llevaba paraguas. En cuanto salió, le azotó una ráfaga de viento repentina que casi lo parte en dos.
"Maldita sea, si me hubiera ido normalmente, no estaría atrapado en esta maldita tormenta".
Pateó una piedra mientras su paraguas se sacudía por la lluvia torrencial y el fuerte viento. Se sentía abatido por toda su situación, pero no podía hacer nada al respecto. Vivía solo y lo necesitaba para pagar el alquiler; apenas tenía lo suficiente para internet y comida, y vivía de sueldo en sueldo.
'Uf, si alguna vez salgo de este agujero de mierda voy a abrir mi propia tienda, trabajar para otros apesta'
Llegó a un paso de peatones. El viento aullante le azotaba la cara y la falta de auriculares y música hacía aún más difícil soportar esta dura prueba. Lo único que lo impulsaba a aguantar era la cálida cama que lo esperaba en casa. Mientras pensaba en otra cosa, la luz del paso de peatones se puso verde y dio un paso adelante.
La suerte no le acompañó una vez más. Cuando estaba a medio camino de la calle, un camión enorme apareció de la nada. Miró las brillantes luces halógenas que lo cegaron momentáneamente. El vehículo se le vino encima, se quedó en blanco y la vida se le cruzó por los ojos.
Recordó su juventud, su familia y la falta de amigos. Era una vida mediocre, una vida de seguir el statu quo. Pero entonces, de repente, se recuperó. Su cuerpo se sacudió hacia adelante mientras saltaba para salvar su vida. Sintió una presión de aire en la espalda acompañada de un gran chapoteo de agua.
Cayó de bruces sobre la acera, mientras el camión seguía su camino como si nada. Ni siquiera tuvo tiempo de mirar la matrícula. Estaba empapado de lluvia y tenía las manos raspadas del pavimento.
'¡Maldito psicópata!'
Maldijo mientras se ponía de pie. Tenía las palmas ensangrentadas y estaba todo mojado, pero por suerte seguía vivo. Su paraguas estaba en medio de la calle, aplastado por el camión que casi lo mata. El corazón le latía con fuerza y necesitaba un tiempo para calmarse, pero la lluvia torrencial lo estaba complicando.
'Necesito llegar a casa...'
Se dio la vuelta apretando los dientes; el miedo dio paso a la ira mientras se dirigía a casa. Estaba empapado, le dolía el cuerpo y aún no había vuelto. Cabía la posibilidad de resfriarse, pero lo único que pensaba ahora era darse una ducha caliente.
'A veces desearía poder permitirme una bañera... Siempre es cuestión de dinero...'
Siguió adelante, su apartamento no estaba lejos de donde trabajaba. Esta era la única ventaja de su trabajo: podía llegar a pie en treinta minutos, lo que le ahorraba dinero.
Suddenly he felt a shiver run down his spine, it wasn't the cold rain but more of a premonition. He could hear an engine revving not too far away from where he was. He slowly turned around, his eyes bulging slightly as he saw the exact same truck that almost turned him to meat paste.
"What?"
The truck was progressively getting louder, its front lights turned off. By instinct he started backing away, the halogens turned on and shone at the street that he was in. There were buildings on both sides and no space to duck to the side. When the truck that had it in for him took off so did he, running for his life like never before.


"Holy shit! Who is this fucker!"
He bolted forward, there was no one beside him in the streets no other cars in sight besides the honking truck behind him. The street was eerily empty, only one scrawny man running away from a big truck that went faster and faster.
"I need to call the police, where is everyone!"
He continued running, his gaze focused on the end of the street a small alleyway there. He didn't look back, he didn't falter as he just kept running mustering everything that his gamer body could muster. With a last-ditch effort, he dived forward, a gust of wind felt behind him as the truck barreled past him while he jumped into the narrow passage.
He landed on his face, his hands getting scraped even more and blood running out of his nose. He quickly rolled up, trying to see if he was safe, the truck vanishing seemingly into thin air after clipping part of the building that connected to this alleyway.
"Fuck, it shouldn't be able to get me here... but what if the driver chases after me instead?"
He was sweating bullets, tired, and afraid. This wasn't over, he didn't think so. He turned around and quickly escaped into the alleyway, nothing in it besides trash and rats. He jogged forward, exhausted from the previous sprint.
"The other side... there is a police station on the other side!"
He saw the light at the end of the tunnel, not far from here there was a small police unit. He only needed to get there and report this fucker and everything. But as he was treading forward, the lights in the vicinity started to flicker continuously. Abruptly all of the light bulbs that lighted the way forward shattered into pieces and everything went dark and then he heard it again, the revving of the engine.
"N-no... stay away..."
In front he could see the damn truck, it was barely able to fit into this narrow passage scraping the walls as it slowly drove forward. He quickly turned away, to his surprise he heard the same engine noise, another truck blocking his path was there too. The area filled with the screeching noise of scraping metal as the two trucks drove at him, each second increasing in speed.
"Ha Ha Ha..."
He started laughing, his face showing a shaky smile as he lost it. He looked to the sides, walls blocking his path of escape.
"Screw you!"
He moved to the wall, his fingers digging into the hard concrete wall as he tried climbing up. His fingernails broke, blood gushing out as he scratch trying to climb up, but to no avail, as the rainwater made it far too slippery. The last things that he saw, were the bright truck lights coming from the sides, he tried looking into the driver seat. His eyes bulging, his jaw clenched as he tried to see the person responsible. To his surprise, he didn't see anything, not even a silhouette of a driver the truck seat totally empty.
*SPLAT!*
That was the last thing that he saw, his short life of a computer repairman ended right there. He felt resentment in his eyes, there were things that he wanted to achieve. Simple things, like a business of his own where he could dictate the rules and not be a slave to his wage for the rest of his life. But he was also looking at the bright side, he was now free, free from the worldly problems.
He floated in the void, his mind racing as it couldn't comprehend where it was. This state of mind didn't last for long as he felt being drawn somewhere. It was as if, something or someone was calling him there.
"R....d.....m...........nd...."
He heard a voice, it was a gentle sounding voice that belonged to a woman.
"Mas......R.land...."
"Pl.as....you...mu..wak.......p...."
He felt strange like his whole being was getting pulled somewhere. He continuously heard the voice, it was calling out to him but he didn't recall the name that the woman was saying.
'Roland?'
The voice that seemed distant started getting closer and he started feeling nauseous and tired. The only saving grace this time around, he felt something. He tried moving but his body felt sluggish, he could barely wiggle his finger.
"H-he... he moved! Master Roland moved, oh thank the gods!"
He felt sick like he was having a really bad case of the flue. His head was spinning and his body felt heavy.
"Did I survive those trucks? Is someone called Roland with me in here, is this the hospital?"
He couldn't see well, his eyes felt just as heavy as his body. He forced them open, they took a while to focus. The blurry world started taking shape and he saw an unfamiliar looking wooden ceiling.
'That looks shabby... am I in some kind of shed or something?'
He finally saw the woman that was previously shouting. She looked like an older lady, her body was somewhat wrinkled up. The thing that caught his eye the most was what she was wearing.
'I-is that a maid uniform?'
She was wearing the whole shebang. A black dress, a white apron, and a cap of some sort that was holding her hair. He felt something cool be placed on his forehead, which was a damp cloth that this lady placed. From the looks of it, he was still alive but ended up in someone's house instead of a hospital.
The strange thing was that the lady looked kind of big, was she over two meters tall or something. The bed he was in also seamed to be uncharacteristically large compared to his body. The problem wasn't with the furniture or the old woman though, as he leaned down he noticed that his body looked a lot different than before, for one he was a lot shorter.
He felt really weak and couldn't move, the woman that looked like a Victorian maid tended to his sick body. Not long after some kind of old man walked into the room. He looked to be some kind of physician, but for some reason, he didn't even give him an examination. He just stared at him while holding onto a monocle.
'Wait... why is that monocle glowing?'
The man harrumphed while turning to the maid that was standing in the corner, visible concern on her face.
"Why did you call me here, he is fine, his status is already recovering, don't call me for trivial things, I need to tend to the other young masters!"
The old man shouted at the maid as if she did something wrong. The old woman just bowed and took the verbal abuse, but the moment he left her face looked a lot brighter.
"Thank the gods young master, you had me worried sick."
She smiled while replacing the damp wet cloth for a new one. She didn't stay there for long though, saying that he should sleep for now and that she would be back in a couple of hours to check on him.
After the coast was clear, Roland managed to raise his upper body. He looked at his hands, they were soft and small. His body looked thin and slightly malnourished but that wasn't the main problem here.
'W-what is this? Did I become a kid?'
Everything in this room wasn't big, he just was small. He had turned into a child for some reason.
'Wait... am I really this Roland? ... what is this, what's going on... who is this... where is this...my status is recovering?'
While he was desperately clamoring for answers in his head something happened, a screen popped up in front of his face. His eyes bulged wide as he started reading what was written there. This wasn't all, the moment the window popped up he felt information rushing into his brain. It was as if thousands of needles poking his head, the information that he was receiving concerned the boy named Roland Arden that he was occupying the body of.
"So that's how it is..."
Name : Roland Arden
Strength 4
Agility 5
Dexterity 15
Vitality 4
Endurance 4
Intelligence 35
Willpower 18
Charisma 6
Luck 5
 

